Clarify "running" and "unfinished" states in README (#355)
buildkite/buildkite-agent-metrics: README.md

- **Waiting**: the job is known to exist but isn't schedulable yet due to
  dependencies, `wait` statements, etc. This information is mostly useful to an
  autoscaler, since it represents work that will start soon.
- **Running**: the jobs that are currently in the “running” state. These jobs have been 
  picked up by agents and are actively being executed.
- **Unfinished**: the jobs that have been scheduled but have not yet

>   finished. This count would include jobs that are in the “running,” “scheduled”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  finished. This count includes jobs that are in the states “running” and “scheduled”.
```
